hi this is patty from wigs by Katniss
pearls calm you probably get tired of me
saying that this is a number one uno
best-selling wig that we've ever carried
and it's called the lure it comes in
three sizes average petite and large it
comes in just about every color under
the rainbow it comes in the syrups and
the stated one of the reasons that it
has been so popular it's because it's so
versatile it it's kind of like pixie and
then it isn't it's kind of like a little
boy cut and I just took this out of the
box so this is this is what you get babe
and you can pull it over like this
the top and the sides are long enough
where you can get some volume take it in
real tight here after I cut a little
hairline just have a few here it has
your little London pouf in the back that
I like to call it but it hugs your neck
down here it does it has stays so it'll
stay there and see how it it's not harsh
it doesn't look like you've been shaved
but it does have that cute little London
boy cut look for it also what you can do
is you can take your hairspray this is
the hair for air spray for synthetic
hair put it on your hands remember how
we use our fingers and then I want you
to go in circle pull circle pull what
that does is you're getting into the
base of the wig and you're making it
puzzled I love this I can pull it real
tight here then kind of do this to it
and it looks kind of like you're going
out for the evening so this takes you
for morning breakfast lunch with the
girls tea with the principal of the
school and then you've been kind of sets
it up for night alone this color is 24
bt 18 s 8
that's our shaded mocha color
you'll see that the roots are a little
darker have a great day